README.md, before:

### Built With

* [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Express.js](https://expressjs.com/)
* [Material UI](https://mui.com/)
* [AG Grid](https://www.ag-grid.com/)
* [HaveIBeenPwned](https://haveibeenpwned.com/)

## Getting Started

Check out the [LIVE DEMO](https://email-breach-identifier.herokuapp.com/)

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/bthornhill123/email-breach-identifier.git
   ```
2. Setup the the back-end Express API
    ```sh
    cd back-end
    ```
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```
    ```sh
    npm start
    ```
3. In a new terminal, setup the front-end React app
   ```sh
   cd front-end
   ```
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
   ```sh
   npm start
   ```
4. Navigate to **http:/localhost:3000**

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

## Contact

Ben Thornhill - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ben-thornhill-b7a633160/) - bthornhill123@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/bthornhill123/email-breach-identifier](https://github.com/bthornhill123/email-breach-identifier)

Commit message:

Add overview section to README

README.md, after:

## Overview
Use this application to view, sort, and filter all reported data breaches that your email address has been a part of.

### Built With

* [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Express.js](https://expressjs.com/)
* [Material UI](https://mui.com/)
* [AG Grid](https://www.ag-grid.com/)
* [HaveIBeenPwned](https://haveibeenpwned.com/)

## Getting Started

Check out the [LIVE DEMO](https://email-breach-identifier.herokuapp.com/)

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/bthornhill123/email-breach-identifier.git
   ```
2. Setup the the back-end Express API
    ```sh
    cd back-end
    ```
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```
    ```sh
    npm start
    ```
3. In a new terminal, setup the front-end React app
   ```sh
   cd front-end
   ```
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
   ```sh
   npm start
   ```
4. Navigate to **http:/localhost:3000**

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

## Contact

Ben Thornhill - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ben-thornhill-b7a633160/) - bthornhill123@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/bthornhill123/email-breach-identifier](https://github.com/bthornhill123/email-breach-identifier)
